Why did Yang Mi dare to gamble or admit it?
If my truth and truth are only worth 5 bucks
I will naturally eat this glass
But obviously in empty gloves white wolf
No way.
Oh boy
Don't be so suspicious?
Look, give me the sewing box
I'll give you the money.
It just so happens that my house is also short of a box for needle and thread.
Doesn't this avoid embarrassment for everyone?
Why are you feeling guilty?
Start buying and selling
Young man, don't be shameless.
Since my box is so worthless
Why do you have to buy it?
Think I'm stupid
Yang Min
Since I keep buying your box to give you face.
Either you learn to bark today
Or just take the money and leave
Otherwise, don't blame us for being rude to you.
I didn't expect this famous Goldman Sachs antique shop
It turned out to be a black eat black
Top of the bandits who can only sell
Dare to speak ill of our boss
security guard
I'd like to see who dares to call me a bandit